API design: Add manual labels via UI and API (#18716)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/REST API/rest-api.md

| ----------- | ------ | ---- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| name        | string | body | **Required**. The label's name.                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| description | string | body | The label's description.                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |
| query       | string | body | The query in SQL syntax used to filter the hosts. Only one of either `query` or `hosts` can be included in the request.  |

> | hosts       | array | body | The list of host's `hardware_serial`, `uuid`, `osquery_host_id`, `hostname`, or `name` to create a label from. Only one of either `query` or `hosts` can be included in the request. |

Author: ```suggestion
| hosts       | array | body | The list of host identifiers (`hardware_serial`, `uuid`, `osquery_host_id`, `hostname`, or `name`) to create a label from. Only one of either `query` or `hosts` can be included in the request. |
```

> | hosts       | array | body | The list of host identifiers (`hardware_serial`, `uuid`, `osquery_host_id`, `hostname`, or `name`) to create a label from. Only one of either `query` or `hosts` can be included in the request. |

Author: ```suggestion
| hosts       | array | body | The list of host identifiers (`hardware_serial`, `uuid`, `osquery_host_id`, `hostname`, or `name`) the label will apply to. Only one of either `query` or `hosts` can be included in the request. |
```

> | query       | string | body | The query in SQL syntax used to filter the hosts. Only one of either `query` or `hosts` can be included in the request.  |
> | hosts       | array | body | The list of host identifiers (`hardware_serial`, `uuid`, `osquery_host_id`, `hostname`, or `name`) the label will apply to. Only one of either `query` or `hosts` can be included in the request. |

Author: ```suggestion
| query       | string | body | The query in SQL syntax used to filter the hosts. Only one of either `query` (to create a dynamic label) or `hosts` (to create a manual label) can be included in the request.  |
| hosts       | array | body | The list of host identifiers (`hardware_serial`, `uuid`, `osquery_host_id`, `hostname`, or `name`) the label will apply to. Only one of either `query` (to create a dynamic label) or `hosts` (to create a manual label)  can be included in the request. |
```

| id          | integer | path | **Required**. The label's id. |
| name        | string  | body | The label's name.             |
| description | string  | body | The label's description.      |

> | hosts       | array   | body | The list of host's `hardware_serial`, `uuid`, `osquery_host_id`, `hostname`, or `name` to add to the label.|

Author: ```suggestion
| hosts       | array   | body | The list of host identifiers (`hardware_serial`, `uuid`, `osquery_host_id`, `hostname`, or `name`) to add to the label. |
```

> | hosts       | array   | body | The list of host identifiers (`hardware_serial`, `uuid`, `osquery_host_id`, `hostname`, or `name`) to add to the label. |

Author: ```suggestion
| hosts       | array   | body | The list of host identifiers (`hardware_serial`, `uuid`, `osquery_host_id`, `hostname`, or `name`) the label will apply to. |
```
